hi this video is produced by the
department of nursing at taipei medical
university hospital this video is going
to talk about the importance of food
prevention
flaws usually happen particularly in
older people and in patients
several negative outcomes may be
observed once full health occurs such as
prolonged losses in hospital repetitive
force again having trauma internet
bleeding fracture and even increased
mortality rate
fall may occur everywhere it can be at
the best side walk aisle and in the
bathroom
to recognize the individual with high
fall risk is the first priority in full
prevention in general everyone has a
potential risk to fall when patients are
admitted to the hospital nurses will
perform a comprehensive assessment to
identify the high risk group of food for
example we need to know the medical
history for experience
within the past three months conscious
level
of the patients
and a stem balance test
patients will be asked to stand by a
single leg to check their balance
ability
if they fail to pass the stand balance
test which indicate they are having
higher risk involved
due to inability imbalance
in addiction
the blood pressure measurement will be
unprotected in both stand and impact
positions of inpatients
postural hypertension is also like to
cause false
so the blood pressure will be assessed
as well
overall the high-risk group of four are
one age over 65 years
two had full experience
three
impaired balance unsteady gait lymph
dysfunction and need to use work acts
poor sleep quality and impaired
consciousness for example agitation or
dementia
5 complaints of vertical or disease and
malnutrition 6 use of diuretics
painkillers sedative and cardiovascular
medication and polypharmacy
7 anemia and postural hypertension
8.
fail to paste the stem balance test
nine frequent urination at night
ten without caregiver
eleven post-operative anesthesia
twelve use of intravenous drip what we
need to do in full prevention for
patients who are prone to fall we have
some suggestion regarding for prevention
the poor prevention guide consists two
three parts and each part include five
bulletin points to follow
part one when patients need to get out
of bed one let someone know and help
when patients need to get out of bed do
not get out of bed alone
two adjust height
of the bed to the lowest level
three move slowly do not rush
four
hold the barrel to change the position
to sit for a while and then stand up
5. use an appropriate working ad to move
part 2 a patient needs to go to bathroom
1. ask someone to help to go to bathroom
do not go to bathroom alone
two
turn the lights off
three use an appropriate
and to such a stereo and working hand to
stand up
four
move slowly do not rush
5. use an appropriate working edge to
move
part 3
while walking when patients need to walk
must have someone to accompany you and
do not go alone
two
wear an appropriate shoes to not wear
oversized shoes
three stand stably first
four
walk slowly
five
keep i o obstructed and clean
some action prone to force these are
high risk action prone to four for
example kneeling on the bed and reach
out to open or close the window or
getting anything next to the bed
sitting on the bed to get something and
bend over
getting out of bed across burial
directly or from the gap
all these actions are prone to force
which should be avoided
some do's and don'ts are for prevention
what use the burial do not across the
burial
two ask someone for help when patients
need to get out of bed and remember to
ring the nurse bell for further
assistance
put the nurse bell in somewhere that you
can easily access to
three for patients
who
if the caregiver needs to leave for a
while their nurse bill should be climbed
on the patient's clothes
making easy to reach out
for
the urinal outer or back and close to
the patient's head which can be easy to
get
five
get out the back gradually
for example
sitting on the bed for three to five
minutes
and to not feel business get him
standing up
for three minutes and then walk
six
use parallel while staying
in the bathroom and climbing
stairs 7.
let the nurse know when the patient
would like to get out of bed and every
first time
food prevention is important to improve
patient safety in the hospital please
join us to advocate the importance of
fall prevention
thank you